Check out our new article, The Agile Illusion: Why Great Researchers are Irreplaceable

Privacy Policy
Effective Date: 01/01/2023
Introduction
Gauge Insights, Inc. (“Gauge Insights d/b/a Glass”, “us”, “our” or “we”) respects your privacy and is committed to protecting it through our compliance with this policy (“Privacy Policy”).

This Privacy Policy describes the personal and other information Gauge Insights collects about you, and how we use and share that information. This policy applies to personal and other information we collect when you sign up for Gauge Insights; access or use our website, mobile application, products, or services (collectively, the “Services”); or when you otherwise interact with us, including over the phone or through e-mail, text and other electronic messages. It does not apply to information collected by (i) us offline or through any other means, or (ii) any third party, including through any application or content (including advertising) that may link to or be accessible from our Services.

This Privacy Policy refers to personal information, which is information that can be associated with a specific person and used to identify that person. Personal information does not include information that has been anonymized so that it does not identify a specific user, which we may use for any legal purpose.

This Privacy Policy covers the following topics:

Updates to the Privacy Policy
Sources of Information About You
Our Use of Information
Sharing of Information
Updating Information
Links to Other Web Sites
Children’s Privacy
Your California Privacy Rights
Security
Contact Information
Effective Date
Please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your personal information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is not to use our Services. By accessing or using our Services, you agree to this Privacy Policy.

‍

Updates to the Privacy Policy
We may update, amend, revise or otherwise change this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make changes, we will notify you by posting the updated policy and revising the “Effective Date” above. Your continued use of the Services constitutes your acceptance of the then-effective Privacy Policy.

‍

Sources of Information About You
We obtain information about you from a variety of sources, including from you, your interaction with Gauge Insights and our Services, and third parties. Such information may include your name, age, income range, gender, ethnicity, marital status, education, whether you have any children, employment information, zip code, e-mail address, and telephone number, among other personally identifiable and technical information.

Information you provide to us: If you use certain Services, you may be required to provide us certain information.

Information that you provide by filling in forms on our website. This includes information provided at the time of registering to use our Services, subscribing to our Services, posting material or requesting further services.
We may also ask you for information when you report a problem with our Services.
Records and copies of your correspondence (including e-mail addresses), if you contact us.
Your responses to surveys that we might ask you to complete.
Details of transactions you carry out through our Services and of the fulfillment of your orders.
Your search queries on our website or through our Services.
Information we collect from your use of the Services and other interactions you have with Gauge Insights:

We may collect your usage information about how you use the Services, including the times at your which you access and use Services, your location, browser types and language, and Internet Protocol addresses. If you decide to connect your account for Services with your Facebook account, we may also collect your Facebook login name and other data generated by your Facebook account.

The information we collect automatically is statistical data and historical trends and may or may not include personal information. It helps us to improve and to deliver better and more personalized Services, including, but not limited to, by enabling us to:

Estimate usage size and patterns.
Store information about your preferences, allowing us to customize our Services according to your individual interests.
Speed up your searches.
Recognize you when you return to our Services.
The technologies we use for this automatic data collection may include:

Cookies (or browser cookies). A cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer. You may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our Services. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to our Services.
Flash Cookies. Certain features of our Services may use local stored objects (or Flash cookies) to collect and store information about your preferences and navigation to, from and on our Services. Flash cookies are not managed by the same browser settings as are used for browser cookies.
Web Beacons. Pages of the Services or our e-mails may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs. pixel tags and single-pixel gifs) that permit Gauge Insights, for example, to count users who have visited those pages or opened an e-mail and for other related website statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain website content and verifying system and server integrity).
Information We Collect From Other Sources. We may also collect information about you from third parties, including but not limited to your employer and publicly available sources.

‍

Our Use of Information
We use information about you to provide, maintain, personalize and improve our Services and to deliver the information and support your requests, including receipts, technical notices, security alerts, and support and administrative messages.

We may use information we collect to send you news and information about our Services and to communicate with you about products, services, contests, promotions, incentives, and rewards offered by us and select third party partners. You may opt out of receiving promotional emails from Gauge Insights by following the instructions in those emails. If you opt out, we may still send you non-promotional communications, such as messages about the Services, your account or our ongoing business relations.

We may also use information about you (i) to track and analyze trends and usage in connection with our Services; (ii) to protect our rights or property; (iii) to compare information for accuracy; (iv) to verify your identity; (v) to investigate and prevent fraud or other illegal activities; and (vi) for any other purpose disclosed to you in connection with our Services.

Additionally, we use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any personal information:

To provide you with information, products or services that you request from us.
To provide you with notices about your account/subscription, including expiration and renewal notices.
To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collection.
To notify you about changes to our Services or any products or services we offer or provide though them.
To fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it or any other purpose with your consent.
We may use the information we have collected from you to enable us to display advertisements to our advertisers' target audiences or in connection with our use of third party software designed to sort and analyze such information for lawful purposes.

We may use third-party service providers to process and store personal information in the United States and other countries.

‍

Sharing of Information
We may share personal information about you as follows:

With your consent or direction.
To our subsidiaries and affiliates.
To our advisors, contractors, service providers and other third parties we use to support our business and who are bound by contractual obligations to keep personal information confidential and use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them.
To comply with any court order, law or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request.
To enforce or apply our terms of service, available at www.gaugeinsights.com/terms , and other agreements, including for billing and collection purposes.
If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of Gauge Insights, our employees and customers or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection.
To a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution or other sale or transfer of some or all of Gauge Insights’ assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by Gauge Insights about our users is among the assets transferred.
To fulfill the purpose for which you provide it, such as providing you Services.
With third parties that run advertising campaigns, contests, special offers, or other events or activities in connection with our Services.
For any lawful purpose, provided that the information has first been de-identified such that it cannot be used to identify or contact you.
We may also share non-personally identifiable information (aggregated or otherwise) with third parties for any reason.

‍

Updating or Deleting Information
You may update, correct or delete information about yourself in our possession by emailing us at support@gaugeinsights.com or by accessing your ‘Account’ page.

‍

Links to Other Web Sites; Third Party Applications
Gauge Insights is not responsible for any practices employed by websites linked to or from our website, nor their information or content. Please remember that when you use a link to go from our website to another website, this Privacy Policy is no longer in effect. Your browsing and interaction on any other website is subject to that website’s own rules and policies. Please read over those rules and policies before proceeding. Additionally, some content or applications, including advertisements, on or through the Services are served by third-parties, including advertisers, ad networks and servers, content providers and application providers. These third parties may use cookies, alone or in conjunction with web beacons or other tracking technologies, to collect information about you when you use our Services. The information they collect may be associated with your personal information or they may collect information, including personal information, about your online activities over time and across different websites and other online services. They may use this information to provide you with interest-based (behavioral) advertising or other targeted content. We do not control these third parties’ tracking technologies or how they may be used. If you have any questions about an advertisement or other targeted content, you should contact the responsible provider directly.

‍

Children's Privacy
The Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act was created to protect children under the age of 13 from unsuspecting acts or practices in conjunction with collecting, using, and disclosing any information about them. Our Services are not intended for anyone under the age of 13. If you are under 13, do not use or provide any information on or through our Services. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you are a parent or guardian or otherwise believe we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us so that we can delete the child's information. The Services will never knowingly accept, collect, maintain or use any information from a child under the age of 13. If a child whom we know to be under the age of 13 sends personal information to us online, we will only use that information to respond directly to that child or notify parents.

‍

Security
We implement a number of safeguards designed to maintain the security of your personal information using various physical, electronic, and managerial procedures. The safety and security of your personal information, however, also depends on you. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password for access to certain parts of our Services, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone. Unfortunately, the storage and transmission of information over the internet is never completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to or through our Services. Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on or within the Services.

‍

“Do Not Track” Disclosures
Certain state laws require us to indicate whether we honor “Do Not Track” settings in your browser over time and across third party websites as it relates to targeted advertising. We adhere to the standards set out in this Privacy Policy and do not monitor or follow any Do Not Track browser requests we might receive from you or your browser.

‍

Your California Privacy Rights
California Civil Code Section § 1798.83 permits users of our services that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an email to support@gaugeinsights.com .

‍

Contact Information
Please contact us with any questions or concerns regarding our policy at this address:

support@gaugeinsights.com


A research ecosystem purpose-built for all your research needs.
Book a demo
Research Platform
Expert Partnership
About
Log In
© 2022 Glass
Terms and Conditions
Privacy