
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Last updated March 2018


The UBreez product and application (“UBreez App”) is a property of Indeema Software Inc.

We at Indeema Software Inc. (“Indeema,” “we,” “us,” or “our”) have created this privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) to let you know about how the information you provide to us is used and shared. While we take serious precautions and encrypt the data to protect your privacy, we want you to know when, how, and why the collection occurs.

We encourage you to read this Privacy Policy carefully.

What Information We Collect Through Your Use of the UBreez App
When you use UBreez App, we only collect your email address (which is used to recover your password) and full name you choose to sign your account with.

Please note that when you log in with your Facebook account, Facebook may collect your information according with their privacy policy.

What Other Information You May Provide and We May Collect

When you provide information to us by other means such as email, phone, messenger, and third-party mediums or any of the Indeema owned and operated sites including our website (www.indeema.com) and UBreez website (www.ubreez.com), please refer to general Indeema Privacy & Cookies Policy at our website.

What Third Party Services Providers May Collect Your Information

Here are the links privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app:

Google Play Services when using UBreez App on Android OS.
Apple Media Services when using UBreez App on iOS.
How We Protect the Information
At Indeema Software, we take commercially reasonable measures to protect your privacy and to shield the information from loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. While we take serious precautions, no security measures are impenetrable and we cannot guarantee the safety or security of your Personal Information. It is for this reason we recommend you to use serious caution when browsing the internet. This particularly applies to sending or receiving emails so we suggest use caution when deciding what information to send via email.

Important Notice for Residents of European Economic Area
Both our website and the data servers are run in the United States so any Information is transferred to the US. For visitors and users that are located outside the United States, this means that you accept this transfer and our usage of the Information and data received for the purposes and to the extent stated in this Privacy Policy.

Your rights as the personal information data subject include reviewing, correcting, accessing, updating, and deleting information we hold about you. The rights also include requesting the transfer of the copy, restricting the processing of this information by means that include automated decision-making and profiling.

We follow the rules set forth by GDPR and encourage you to read https://gdpr-info.eu, especially the Chapter 3 and Chapter 5, to learn about your rights and data transfer regulations.

Children and Privacy
The UBreez App is specifically created for and aimed at an adult audience. We comply with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act and do not request, hold, or knowingly collect any Personal Information from or about children under 13 years. We encourage parents and legal guardians to track how their children use the internet and instruct to never provide any Personal Information without their consent. For parents or legal guardians of children under 13, if you believe that your child has provided any Personal Information to us, please contact us, and we will remove such information from our databases.

California Residents
We do not currently share or plan to share or in any other way disclose any information you provide to third parties for their marketing purposes. If we were to change this practice, we would notify you 30 days prior to any of such events take place so that you may choose to opt out.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
This Privacy & Cookies Policy is effective as of the date in the “Last updated” legend at the top of the document. We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. You accept such changes by accessing the Website and/or using other services, or means of communication. We encourage you to look at this Privacy Policy regularly.


Contact Us

If you have any questions or requests with regard to this Privacy Policy, please contact us via email at support@ubreez.com with “Privacy Policy” in the subject line.




