
 News Help Forum Joplin Cloud  Support us
Donate using PayPal Sponsor on GitHub Become a patron Donate using IBAN

Joplin Privacy Policy🔗
The Joplin applications, including the Android, iOS, Windows, macOS and Linux applications, do not send any data to any service without your authorisation. Any data that Joplin saves, such as notes or images, are saved to your own device and you are free to delete this data at any time.

In order to provide certain features, Joplin may need to connect to third-party services. You can disable most of these features in the application settings:

Feature	Description	Default	Can be disabled
Auto-update	Joplin periodically connects to objects.joplinusercontent.com to check for new releases.	Enabled	Yes
Geo-location	Joplin saves geo-location information in note properties when you create a note. For that it will connect to either ipwho.is or geoplugin.net	Enabled	Yes
Synchronisation	Joplin supports synchronisation of your notes across multiple devices. If you choose to synchronise with a third-party, such as OneDrive, the notes will be sent to your OneDrive account, in which case the third-party privacy policy applies.	Disabled	Yes
Wifi connection check	On mobile, Joplin checks for Wifi connectivity to give the option to synchronise data only when Wifi is enabled.	Enabled	No (1)
Spellchecker dictionary	On Linux and Windows, the desktop application downloads the spellchecker dictionary from redirector.gvt1.com.	Enabled	Yes (2)
Plugin repository	The desktop application downloads the list of available plugins from the official GitHub repository. If this repository is not accessible (eg. in China) the app will try to get the plugin list from various mirrors, in which case the plugin screen works slightly differently.	Enabled	No
Voice typing	If you use the voice typing feature on Android, the application will download the language files from https://github.com/joplin/voice-typing-models/ or https://alphacephei.com/vosk/models.	Disabled	Yes
OCR	If you have enabled optical character recognition on desktop, the application will download the language files from https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/@tesseract.js-data/.	Disabled	Yes
Crash reports	If you have enabled crash auto-upload, the application will upload the report to Sentry when a crash happens. When Sentry is initialised it will also connect to sentry.io.	Disabled	Yes
(1) https://github.com/laurent22/joplin/issues/5705

(2) If the spellchecker is disabled, it will not download the dictionary.

For any question about Joplin privacy policy, please leave a message on the forum.

 Improve this doc
Copyright © 2016-2025 Laurent Cozic

Privacy Policy