Threema
Threema.
Jobs
en
Security
Download
About
Support
Blog
General Privacy Policy
for the Threema Website

General
With this General Privacy Policy, we want to give you an overview over the processing of your personal data in relation with visiting and interacting with the “Threema Website” (https://threema.ch/).

Detailed information about data protection when visiting and interacting with the Threema Website can be found here.

Who is responsible for processing personal data?
Threema GmbH, Churerstrasse 82, 8808 Pfäffikon SZ, Switzerland, is responsible for the processing of personal data. You can contact our Data Protection Officer at privacy at threema dot ch.

What purposes does Threema process personal data for?
We process your personal data for the following purposes:

Delivery of the Threema Website;
Recording, processing, and answering of support requests, feedback, and business inquiries (voluntary and optional);
Carrying-out of prize draws (voluntary and optional);
Public relations (voluntary and optional);
Marketing;
Marketing analysis (only for business customers);
Information security.
What personal data is processed?
When visiting the Threema Website, the following personal data is processed:

IP address.
Depending on how you interact with the Threema Website, we process the following personal data if you voluntarily provide and submit it:

First name;
Last name;
Company;
Country;
Email address;
Telephone number;
Customer status.
What personal data is stored and for how long?
The following personal data is stored by us (storage period in brackets):

IP address (for 10 days in logfiles and only if an error occurs when calling up the Threema Website);
First name (in principle for a maximum of 6 to 12 months or until revocation);
Last name (in principle for a maximum of 6 to 12 months or until revocation);
Company (in principle for a maximum of 6 to 12 months or until revocation);
Country (in principle for a maximum of 6 to 12 months or until revocation);
Email address (in principle for a maximum of 6 to 12 months or until revocation);
Telephone number (in principle for a maximum of 6 to 12 months or until revocation);
Customer status (in principle for a maximum of 6 to 12 months or until revocation).
Is personal data disclosed to third parties?
We make every effort to process the personal data that occurs when using the Threema Website exclusively on our own hardware (servers) in Switzerland.

The following companies located in Switzerland and the EU/EEA are commissioned by us as processors:

In order for you to register for and participate in webinars, Livestorm SAS located in France processes the first name, last name, company, country, email address and customer status.
What rights do you have?
You have a right to information to Threema and a right to rectification, completion, deletion, and blocking of your personal data as well as a right to withdrawal (of your consent) and to objection (against data processing based on overriding interests).

Products
Overview
Threema
Threema Work
Threema Broadcast
Threema OnPrem
Threema Gateway
Threema
Features
Security
What’s New
Download
Resources
FAQs
Messenger Comparison
WhatsApp Alternative
Forrester Wave™: Secure Communications Solutions 2024
Cryptography Whitepaper
Open Source
Blog
The Company
About
Jobs
Transparency Report
System Status
Merch
Contact
Support for individual users
Support for companies
Press Material
Contact
Connect
Threema Channel
Newsletter
Mastodon
X
Reddit
GitHub
Memberships
swiss made software + swiss hosting
swiss digital services
Association for Corporate Data Protection
Made in Switzerland. © 2025 Threema GmbH. Privacy Policy. Impressum.