

Browse
Movies
TV Shows
Live TV
Español
Tubi Kids
Help Center
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Contact Support
Sign In
Register
Find movies, TV shows and more
Privacy
Last Updated/Effective Date: July 1, 2024

Table of Contents:

SCOPE AND APPLICATION: What and who this Privacy Policy covers
COLLECTION OF INFORMATION: The sources of and methods by which we, our service providers, and our advertisers collect information from and about you, including information about your interaction with the Tubi Services
USE AND DISCLOSURE: How we use the information we collect from and about you, and who we might share it with and why
SECURITY: How we protect your information from loss or misuse
USER ACCESS AND CONTROL: How you can access and control the information we maintain about you
CHILDREN’S PRIVACY How Tubi handles the personal information of users under 16 years of age
OTHER IMPORTANT INFORMATION: Other things you should know about this Privacy Policy and how we handle your information
CONTACT US: How to contact Tubi about this Policy
CALIFORNIA CONSUMER PRIVACY ACT NOTICE: Other things you should know if you reside in California
FOR CONSUMERS IN VIRGINIA, COLORADO, CONNECTICUT AND OTHER U.S. STATES WITH SIMILAR PRIVACY LAWS: Other things you should know if you are a consumer residing in Virginia, Colorado, Connecticut, or other states with similar privacy laws
1. SCOPE AND APPLICATION

Tubi (“Tubi” or “we”) wants you to be familiar with how we collect, use and disclose information from and about you. This Privacy Policy describes our practices in connection with information collected through services such as websites, mobile sites, applications (“apps”), and widgets (collectively, the “Tubi Services”). California residents, please see the California Consumer Privacy Act Notice in Section 9 below. Consumers in Virginia, Colorado, Connecticut and states with other similar privacy laws, please see Section 10 below. By using Tubi Services, you agree to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy. A list of our affiliated companies (“Tubi Affiliates”) is available at www.foxcorporation.com.

This Privacy Policy applies to all users, including both those who use the Tubi Services without being registered with the Tubi Services and those who have registered with the Tubi Services. This Privacy Policy applies to Tubi’s collection and use of your personal information (i.e., information that identifies a specific person, such as full name or e-mail address). It also describes generally Company’s practices for handling non-personal information (for example, interests, demographics, and services usage).

Tubi does not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under the age of 13, except with respect to certain types of Activity Information (described below) which is used only to support the internal operations of the Tubi Services. For more information, please see our Children’s Privacy Policy in Section 6 below. Accordingly, on some of the Tubi Services, children under 13 are not eligible to use certain features. The portions of the Tubi Services that are intended for children under 13 are governed by our Children’s Privacy Policy.

2. COLLECTION OF INFORMATION

Depending on your interactions with us, Tubi and our service providers may collect the following information from and about you:

Registration Information. The information you submit to register for the Tubi Services, for example, to create an account, receive a newsletter, or enter a contest or sweepstakes. Registration Information may also include, for example, name, e-mail address, gender, zip code, birthday. Certain of your registration information such as user/display name, profile picture/cover image, and activity may be publicly available within Social Engagement Features of the Tubi Services.

Customer Service, Feedback, and Other Information. The information you elect to provide to us during your interactions with the Tubi Services or us, such as when you submit a request to customer support, when you provide feedback about the Tubi Services, surveys, or polls you choose to participate in, or when you post or react to comments. This information may include your name, email address, state/province/territory, device-related information, and the content of your post or communication to us.

User Content. The content you upload or post on or through the Tubi Services, such as video, audio recordings, text, photographs, and other material, whether on or through Apps or other widgets made available by or on behalf of Tubi.

Public Information and Posts. The comment or content that you post to the Tubi Services and the information about you that accompanies those posts or content, which may include a name, username, comments, likes, status, profile information, and picture. Public Information and Posts are always public, which means they are available to everyone and may be displayed on other platforms, such as within search results on external search engines, or on our social media pages or channels.

Information from Social Media. If you access or log-in to the Tubi Services through a social media service or connect the Tubi Services to a social media service, the information we collect may also include your user ID and/or user name associated with that social media service, any information or content you have permitted the social media service to share with us, such as your profile picture, e-mail address or friends lists, and any information you have made public in connection with that social media service. When you access the Tubi Services through social media services or when you connect the Tubi Services to social media services, you are authorizing Tubi to collect, store, and use that information and content in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

Activity Information. When you access and interact with the Tubi Services, Tubi and its service providers may collect certain information about those visits and your usage of the Tubi Services. For example, in order to permit your connection to the Tubi Services, our servers receive and record information about your computer, device, and browser, including your IP address, browser type, and other software or hardware information. If you access the Tubi Services from a mobile or other device, we may collect a unique device identifier assigned to that device or other transactional information for that device. In certain circumstances, we also may collect geolocation data from that device. If you interact with other users and the content they post through Social Engagement Features, such as following, re-posting, reacting to, sharing, or bookmarking within the Apps, we collect this information to make the Tubi Services more useful to you. Users may see who follow them, so if you follow a user that user will see that you followed them, including your Public Information described above.

Cookies and other tracking technologies (such as browser cookies, pixels, beacons, local storage, and other mechanisms) use various approaches to collect and store data. Some of these technologies store data in the browser or on your device. Other technologies may use network-related or other information to recognize your device (e.g., IP address). The Tubi Services may use these technologies, for example, when you first request a web page and to store data on your computer or other device so the Apps can access information when you make subsequent requests for pages from the Tubi Service. Depending on your interaction with us, these technologies may also be used to collect and store information about your usage of the Tubi Services, such as pages you have visited, search history, and the video and other content you have viewed.

Other parties that support the Tubi Services, for example, by serving advertisements, providing analytics, or other services, may also use these technologies to collect similar information when you use the Tubi Services (such as websites or e-mails) or other parties’ services. Those other parties may also use these technologies, along with activity information they collect, to recognize you across the devices you use, such as a mobile device and a laptop or other computer. Their use is governed by the privacy policies of parties using such technologies. For more information about advertising networks and similar entities that use these technologies, including your choices with respect to them, see the section entitled “To deliver relevant advertisements,” below.

Your browser may be initially set to accept cookies, but you can change your settings to notify you when a cookie is being set or updated, and to block cookies altogether. Please consult the “Help” section of your browser for more information, including on how to clear data from local storage and, depending on your browser, how to turn off other data collection by the browser. For more information about Google Analytics, please review the site “How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services,” located at www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/. To opt out of Google Analytics specifically, please go to https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout. Please note that by blocking any or all cookies you may not have access to certain features, content, or personalization available through the Tubi Services.

The Tubi Services that enable you to view Tubi video content may feature Nielsen’s proprietary measurement software which will allow you to contribute to market research, like Nielsen’s TV Ratings. The information is collected directly by Nielsen’s software within the applicable Tubi Services. Tubi makes no representation or warranty to you regarding the Nielsen software. To learn more about Nielsen’s digital measurement products and your choices in regard to them, including how to opt out, please visit https://www.nielsen.com/.

Social Engagement Information. We collect information that you provide on or through Social Engagement Features on the Tubi Services, such as through posts, comments, voting, reactions, following creators and/or other users, and when you submit moderation reports. That information includes the content of the social engagement itself (e.g., of a post or comment) and other information about it, such as when it was sent and delivered. Depending on the type of social engagement, some information will be publicly available (e.g., posts, comments, and votes) on the Tubi Services and other platforms, such as through Social Engagement Features, in search results on external search engines, and on other social media pages and channels.

Information from Other Sources. We may supplement the information we collect with information from other sources, such as publicly available information about your online and offline activity from social media services, advertising technology companies, advertisers, commercially available sources, and information from our Tubi Affiliates or business partners.

Depending on your interactions with us, Tubi may not have collected information from you for each of the categories above.

“Do Not Track”. At this time, we do not respond to the “Do Not Track” signal, as we await the work of interested stakeholders and others to develop standards for how the “Do Not Track” signal should be interpreted.

3. USE AND DISCLOSURE

We may use and disclose some or all of the information we collect from and about you for the purposes listed below. Please note that these uses and disclosures may vary based on your interactions with us.

To provide the Tubi Services. We use the information we collect from and about you to provide the Tubi Services and features to you. This may include: * to measure, maintain and improve those Tubi Services and features and to develop new products and services, including conducting research and quality and safety assurance measures; * to improve your experience with both online and off-line Tubi Services by delivering content you will find more relevant and interesting, including advertising and marketing messages; * to perform identity verification; * to allow you to comment on content, to submit User Content, and participate in Social Engagement Features, online games, contests, other promotions, or rewards programs; * to provide you with customer support and to respond to inquiries. This may include chatbots. Please note that your inquiries and responses to these chatbots may be transcribed and retained; * to moderate content, including User Content reported to us; * to provide you with content and advertising that is more interesting, personalized, and relevant to you; * to maintain our facilities and infrastructure; * to comply with internal policies, including accounting, audit, and other internal functions; and * to maintain records, conduct risk and security controls and monitoring.

To allow service providers to assist us in providing and managing the Tubi Services. The information we collect from and about you may be made available to certain service providers, such as contractors, chatbot providers, analytics and other measurement companies, and agents or sponsors, who help us analyze and understand your use of the Tubi Services, and manage and/or provide the Tubi Services, including to purchase a product, subscribe to a membership, or make payments.

To allow social sharing functionality. If you log in with or connect a social media service account with the Tubi Services, we may share your name, username, and picture with other Tubi users and with your friends associated with your social media service. We may also share the same information with the social media service provider. By logging in with or connecting your Tubi Services account with a social media service, you are authorizing us to share certain information we collect from and about you with the social media service provider, other users and your friends and you understand that the social media service’s use of the shared information will be governed by the social media service’s privacy policy. If you do not want your personal information shared in this way, please do not connect your social media service account with your Tubi account and do not participate in social sharing on the Tubi Services.

To deliver video content. In the ordinary course of our business, we may share information that we collect from or about you with other parties in order to process your requests and fulfill your orders for video content offered through the Tubi Services, including to provide you with access to localized content and video content recommendations.

To enable Social Engagement Features. If you create a profile, or participate in social engagement features on the Tubi Services, such as following, reacting to, posting User Content, or commenting on others’ User Content or profiles (collectively, “Social Engagement Features”), we may use your user or display name, profile picture/cover image, comments, and other activity to provide the Social Engagement Features and to facilitate interactions or engagement with other users using the Social Engagement Features on the Tubi Services.

To process User Content. User Content, including any personal information (e.g., video, audio recordings, photos, etc.) you provide or post on or through the Tubi Services, may be used publicly on the Tubi Services or by the Tubi Affiliates, published on our social media pages or channels on other platforms and republished by others from those pages or channels, posted and displayed on or through the social features on the Tubi Services, or published as part of our Tubi Services. Whether we publish any piece of User Content is at our sole discretion and is subject to our Terms of Use at www.tubitv.com/static/terms. You should not upload or post materials that reveal your sensitive personal information or the personal information of others. If you do not wish to disclose metadata to us that may be associated with your User Content, you should either refrain from uploading that User Content or take steps to remove such metadata from the User Content prior to providing it to us.

To provide co-branded services and features. We may offer co-branded services or features, such as contests, sweepstakes or other promotions or features together with other companies (“Co-Branded Services”). These Co-Branded Services may be hosted on the Tubi Services or on that other party’s service. By virtue of these relationships, we may share information you submit in connection with the Co-Branded Service with that party. That other party’s use of your information will be governed by its privacy policy.

To deliver relevant advertisements. Tubi and our service providers may use the information we collect from and about you as described in this Privacy Policy to deliver relevant ads to you when you use the Tubi Services or another service (on any of your devices). This may include, for example, sharing certain information with advertising technology companies (e.g., identity partners), such as an advertising identifier for your device, IP address, or a “hash” of an identifier (i.e., a value generated using a cryptographic hash algorithm.) In some instances, these entities may return an online identification code that we may store in a first party cookie, or other similar technology, for our use in online and cross-channel advertising and it may be shared with advertising companies to enable interest-based and targeted advertising. To opt out of this use, please go to www.tubitv.com/privacy/your-privacy-choices.

As noted above, advertising technology companies and advertisers may use cookies and similar technologies to collect and track information such as demographic information, inferred interests, aggregated information, and information about the different devices and/or browsers you use and your activity on such devices and browsers, to assist them in delivering advertising that is more relevant to your interests. The information may also be used to deliver more relevant advertising to you across marketing channels, including e-mail. To find out more about advertising networks and similar entities that use these technologies, see https://youradchoices.com/. If you wish to opt out of tailored advertising in desktop and mobile browsers, please visit https://optout.aboutads.info/#/ or https://optout.networkadvertising.org/# on each of your devices and browsers. To opt-out in mobile apps, you may use your device’s setting to opt-out of ads personalization or similar settings or download and use the AppChoices app at https://youradchoices.com/appchoices. To opt-out on connected TVs, please use the setting “opt out of ads personalization,” “Interest-based Ads,” or equivalent settings on your device. Please note that opting out does not mean that you will stop seeing all ads.

To contact you. Tubi may periodically send promotional materials or notifications related to the Tubi Services. If you want to stop receiving promotional materials, you can change your account setting in the “settings” function of the Tubi Services or follow the unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each e-mail. There are certain service notifications and other non-promotional e-mails that you may not opt-out of, such as notifications of changes to the Tubi Services or policies. If you have installed a mobile app and you wish to stop receiving push notifications, you can change the settings either on your mobile device or through the app.

To share with Tubi Affiliates. Tubi may share your information with Tubi Affiliates for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. A link to a website that lists Tubi Affiliates can be found at the beginning of this policy. Users who visit Tubi Affiliates’ services should still refer to their separate privacy policies, which may differ in some respects from this Privacy Policy.

To share with business partners. Tubi may share your information with business partners to permit them to send you marketing communications consistent with your choices.

To protect the rights of Tubi and others. There may be instances when Tubi may use or disclose your information, including situations where Tubi has a good faith belief that such use or disclosure is necessary in order to: (i) protect, enforce, or defend the legal rights, privacy, safety, or property of Tubi, Tubi Affiliates or their employees, agents and contractors (including enforcement of our agreements and our terms of use); (ii) protect the safety, privacy, and security of users of the Tubi Services or members of the public; (iii) protect against fraud or for risk management purposes; (iv) comply with the law or legal process; or (v) respond to requests from public and government authorities.

To complete a merger or sale of assets or other corporate transaction. If Tubi sells all or part of its business or makes a sale or transfer of its assets or is otherwise involved in a reorganization, merger or transfer of all or a material part of its business (including in connection with a bankruptcy or similar proceedings), Tubi may transfer or disclose your information to the party or parties involved in the transaction as part of that transaction.

Depending on your interactions with us, Tubi may not have collected, used, or disclosed information from you in each of the categories above, and to the extent that Tubi has disclosed information from or about you, it may not include all of the information that we collect from and about you as described in this Privacy Policy.

Please note that when the information collected from or about you does not identify you as a specific person, we may use that information for any purpose or share it with other parties, to the extent permitted by applicable law.

4. SECURITY

Tubi uses commercially reasonable administrative, technical, personnel, and physical measures designed to safeguard information in its possession against loss, theft and unauthorized use, disclosure, or modification. However, no one can guarantee the complete safety of your information.

5. USER ACCESS AND CONTROL

If you would like to access personal information we hold about you or delete your personal information that you have previously provided directly to us, please visit www.tubitv.com/privacy/mydata or www.tubitv.com/privacy/delete and submit a request. Please note that, for security reasons, we will ask you to verify your identity in order to proceed with your request. If you would like to review, correct, update, suppress, or otherwise limit our use of your personal information, you may contact us at www.tubitv.com/static/support. In your request, please include your e-mail address, name, address, and telephone number and specify clearly what information you would like to change, update, or suppress. We will try to comply with your request as soon as reasonably practicable and consistent with applicable law. Please note that, subject to applicable law, in some cases we may not comply with your request where we may require your information in order to comply with applicable law, or to protect, enforce or defend our rights or employee rights, or those of a Tubi Affiliate.

If you are a resident of California, please see the section entitled “California Consumer Privacy Act Notice,” below, for more information about the rights you have under California law. If you are a consumer in Virginia, Colorado, Connecticut, or other state with similar privacy laws, please see the section entitled “For Consumers in Virginia, Colorado, and Connecticut, and Other U.S. States with Similar Privacy Laws,” below, for more information about your rights under Virginia, Colorado, Connecticut, and other similar laws.

If you are under 18 and a registered user of the Tubi Services, you may ask us to remove content or information that you have posted to the Tubi Services by writing contacting us at www.tubitv.com/static/support. Please note that your request does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of the content or information, as, for example, some of your content may have been reposted by another user.

You may request that we not share your personal information on a going-forward basis with Tubi Affiliates or unaffiliated third parties for their direct marketing purposes by submitting a request at www.tubitv.com/static/support. We will try to comply with your request(s) as soon as reasonably practicable and consistent with applicable law.

6. CHILDREN’S PRIVACY

The privacy of children is important to us. This Children’s Privacy Policy explains how Tubi collects, uses, and discloses personal information, as defined by the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”), of children under the age of 13 that is collected through the Tubi Services. This policy also explains the rights that parents have with respect to their children’s personal information.

COLLECTION OF INFORMATION. Tubi and our service providers may collect the following information from and about children:

Persistent Identifiers. When a child accesses and interacts with Tubi Services, we may collect persistent identifiers for our internal operations. For example, in order to permit a child’s connection to the Tubi Services, our servers receive and record certain information about their computer, device, and/or browser, including IP address or unique device identifier.

Cookies and other similar technologies are comprised of small bits of data that often include a unique identifier. Websites, applications, and other services send this data to a child’s browser or device when they first request a web page and then store the data on the child’s device so the website can access the information when the child makes subsequent requests for pages from that service. These technologies may also be used to collect and store information about a child’s usage of Tubi Services, such as analyzing the functioning of the Tubi Services and advertisements served (e.g., for capping the frequency of contextual advertising).

Other parties that support the Tubi Services by delivering contextual advertisements or providing services, such as compiling aggregate Tubi Service usage statistics, may also use these technologies to collect similar information.

USE AND DISCLOSURE. Tubi uses the information we collect to provide the Tubi Services and features, including: to measure and improve those Tubi Services and features; to improve the child’s experience with Tubi Services by delivering contextual advertising and limiting the number of times a child sees an advertisement on the Tubi Services (i.e., frequency capping).

PARENTAL ACCESS AND CONTROL. If you would like to review the personal information that your child has provided to us, or if you would like to ask us to cease collecting personal information from your child, make no further use of the personal information we have collected from your child, make no further disclosure of your child’s personal information to third parties, or delete the personal information we have already collected from the child, you may contact us as outlined in Section 8. In your request, please include your name and your child’s name, e-mail address, and Tubi device ID (how to find it), and specify clearly the action you would like us to take. We will try to comply with your request as soon as reasonably practicable.

If you have questions, please contact us by the methods provided below in Section 8.

7. OTHER IMPORTANT INFORMATION

Updates to Privacy Policy. Tubi may modify this Privacy Policy. Please look at the Effective Date at the top of this Privacy Policy to see when this Privacy Policy was last revised. Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective when we post the revised Privacy Policy on the Tubi Services.

Location of Data. The Tubi Services are hosted in and managed from the United States. If you are a user located outside the United States, you understand and consent to having any personal information processed in the United States or in any other country in which we have facilities or in which we engage service providers. The United States and other countries’ data protection laws may not be the same as those in your jurisdiction. In certain circumstances, courts, law enforcement agencies, regulatory agencies or security authorities in the United States may be entitled to access your personal information.

Linked Services. The Tubi Services may be linked to sites operated by unaffiliated companies, and may carry advertisements or offer content, functionality, games, newsletters, contests or sweepstakes, or applications developed and maintained by unaffiliated companies. Tubi is not responsible for the privacy practices of unaffiliated companies, and once you leave the Tubi Services or click an advertisement, you should check the applicable privacy policy of the other service.

In addition, Tubi is not responsible for the privacy or data security practices of other organizations, such as Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, Apple, Google, Microsoft or any other app developer, app provider, social media platform provider, operating system provider, wireless service provider, or device manufacturer, including in connection with any information you disclose to other organizations through or in connection with the Tubi Services.

Data Retention. We will retain your information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy unless a longer retention period is required or allowed by law.

Remember that even after you cancel your account, or if you ask us to delete your personal information, copies of some information from your account may remain viewable in some circumstances where, for example, you have shared information with social media or other services. Because of the nature of caching technology, your account may not be instantly inaccessible to others. We may also retain backup information related to your account on our servers for some time after cancellation or your request for deletion, for fraud detection or to comply with applicable law or our internal security or recordkeeping policies. It may not always be possible to completely remove or delete all of your information due to technical constraints or contractual, financial, or legal requirements.

Deidentified Information. To the extent we process “deidentified” personal information, as defined under applicable law, we will maintain and use that information in deidentified form and will not attempt to reidentify the information except as permitted by applicable law.

8. CONTACT US

If you have questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us www.tubitv.com/static/support and select “Terms of Use & Privacy Policy” from the list of available topics. You may also contact us by mail at:

    Attention: Legal Department
    Tubi, Inc.
    315 Montgomery Street, 16th Floor
    San Francisco, CA 94104

9. CALIFORNIA CONSUMER PRIVACY ACT NOTICE

This California Consumer Privacy Act Notice Section provides information for California residents in connection with the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”). California residents who are prospective, current, or former Fox employees; or contractors, emergency contacts, or beneficiaries may view our workforce-related California privacy notice by visiting https://www.fox.com/workforce-privacy-notice/. California residents who are business consumers acting as employees, owners, directors, officers or independent contractors of an entity conducting due diligence or providing or receiving a product or service from Fox (“Business-to-Business Contacts”) may view our B2B privacy notice by visiting https://www.tubitv.com/static/b2bprivacy. Under the CCPA, and for purposes of this Section, “Personal Information” generally means information that identifies, relates to, or describes a particular California resident and includes the categories listed below. This Section 9 provides details about the categories of Personal Information of California residents that we have collected, disclosed, or “sold” or “shared” during the last 12 months, as well as rights California residents have under California law. Please note that, depending on the California resident’s interactions with us, Tubi may not have collected, disclosed, or “sold” or “shared” each (or any) of these categories of Personal Information about each individual.

Categories of Personal Information Collected, Disclosed, and/or Sold or Shared: The categories of Personal Information that we collected, disclosed, and/or “sold” or “shared” are below, along with the categories of third parties to whom each category of Personal Information was disclosed, and/or “sold” or “shared.” Please note that we disclose some categories of Personal Information in connection with certain types of advertisements, which could be considered “selling” or “sharing” under the CCPA. Also, depending on the California resident’s interactions with us, Tubi may not have collected, disclosed, or “sold” or “shared” each of these categories about each individual. Additionally, we do not knowingly “sell” or “share” Personal Information of minors under 16 years of age.

Category of Personal Information Collected	Categories of Third Parties to Whom Personal Information Is Disclosed	Categories of Third Parties to Whom Personal Information is "Sold" or "Shared"
Identifiers, such as name, IP address, e-mail address, and online and device identifiers	Service providers, Tubi Affiliates, and other providers or partners that support our operational business purposes	Advertising technology companies; advertisers; Tubi Affiliates

For the purpose of marketing and targeted advertising
Personal information, as defined in the California Customer Records law, such as contact and financial information	Service providers, Tubi Affiliates, and other providers or partners that support our operational business purposes	Advertising technology companies; advertisers; Tubi Affiliates

For the purpose of marketing and targeted advertising
Characteristics of protected classifications under California law, such as age or gender	Service providers, Tubi Affiliates, and other providers or partners that support our operational business purposes	Advertising technology companies; advertisers; Tubi Affiliates

For the purpose of marketing and targeted advertising
Commercial information, such as transaction information and purchase history	Service providers, Tubi Affiliates, and other providers or partners that support our operational business purposes	Advertising technology companies; advertisers; Tubi Affiliates

For the purpose of marketing and targeted advertising
Internet or network activity information, such as browsing history and interactions with our websites, mobile, or connected TV applications	Service providers, Tubi Affiliates, and other providers or partners that support our operational business purposes	Advertising technology companies; advertisers; Tubi Affiliates

For the purpose of marketing and targeted advertising
Non-Precise Geolocation data, such device location	Service providers, Tubi Affiliates, and other providers or partners that support our operational business purposes	Advertising technology companies; advertisers; Tubi Affiliates

For the purpose of marketing and targeted advertising
Audio, electronic, visual, and other similar information, such as call recordings	Service providers, Tubi Affiliates, and other providers or partners that support our operational business purposes	N/A
Inferences drawn from any of the Personal Information listed above to create a profile or summary about, for example, an individual’s preferences and characteristics	Service providers, Tubi Affiliates, and other providers or partners that support our operational business purposes	Advertising technology companies; advertisers; Tubi Affiliates

For the purpose of marketing and targeted advertising
Please note that the CCPA definitions of “sale” and “share” do not include, for example, the transfer of Personal Information as an asset that is part of a merger, bankruptcy, or other similar transaction involving all or any portion of our business.

Sources of Personal Information. We collect this Personal Information directly from California residents themselves, as well as from social media platforms (e.g., if the individual has connected a social media account to the Tubi Services); joint marketing, co-branding, co-promotional, or advertising partners, including advertising technology companies and advertisers; Tubi Affiliates; and sources of demographic and other information. Depending on the individual’s interactions with us, Tubi may not have collected Personal Information from each of these categories of sources.

Purposes. We may use this Personal Information and/or disclose it to third parties for the following purposes:

to operate, manage, and maintain our business, including in connection with a sale, acquisition, reorganization, merger, transfer of all or a part of our business, or other corporate transaction (e.g., a bankruptcy or similar proceeding);
to provide our products and services;
to accomplish our business purposes and objectives, including:
developing, improving, repairing, and maintaining our products and services;
personalizing, advertising, and marketing our products and services;
conducting research, analytics, and data analysis;
maintaining our facilities and infrastructure;
quality and safety assurance measures;
conducting risk and security controls and monitoring;
detecting and preventing fraud;
performing identity verification;
performing accounting, audit, and other internal functions;
complying with law, legal process, and internal policies;
maintaining records; and
exercising and defending legal claims.
Depending on the California resident’s interactions with us, Tubi may not have used Personal Information collected about that resident for each of these purposes and to the extent that Tubi has disclosed Personal Information about that resident, it may not include all of the Personal Information collected about that resident.

Data Retention. We will retain Personal Information from or about you as reasonably necessary and proportionate to achieve the purpose(s) for which the Personal Information was collected or processed as outlined in this Section 9 unless a longer retention period is required or allowed by law.

Tubi Notice of Financial Incentive. This notice applies to our offers or programs (“Tubi Incentives”), that link to this section of our privacy policy and which California may consider to be a financial incentive. You can opt-in to participate in a Tubi Incentive by providing your email address, age, or other personal information. In exchange for providing your personal information and depending on the Tubi Incentive in which you participate, you may be able to access certain content, features, or events, receive a discount from a Tubi partner, or receive other special benefits or entitlements. We will, in turn, use your personal information for the purposes set forth in this Privacy Policy, to send you alerts and marketing messages and to show you content recommendations and tailored advertising that may be more interesting to you.

To the extent we can estimate the value of your personal information to us, we consider the value of the Tubi Incentives (such as discounts from Tubi partners), the cost to us associated with providing the incentive, and the potential benefit to us in the form of additional advertising or other revenue we may receive as a result of you using the Tubi Services. The value to us, if any, will depend on the extent to which you engage with the Tubi Services.

If you are a California consumer and decide you no longer wish to participate in the Tubi Incentive, you may withdraw at any time by visiting tubi.tv/FI and following the instructions provided.

California Rights. If you are a California consumer, you have the following rights:

1. Right to Know. You have the right to request that we disclose to you the following information: * The categories of Personal Information we collected about you and the categories of sources from which we collected such Personal Information; * The specific pieces of Personal Information we collected about you for the applicable time period; * The business or commercial purpose for collecting, disclosing, or sellingPersonal Information about you; * The categories of Personal Information about you that we sold and the categories of third parties to whom we sold that Personal Information; and * The categories of Personal Information about you that we otherwise shared or disclosed and the categories of third parties with whom we shared or disclosed that Personal Information.

To make a request for your Personal Information, please visit www.tubitv.com/privacy/mydata. You will need to provide your name and e-mail address, along with other details about your request. You will then receive verification instructions by e-mail. For certain requests, you will be asked to authenticate to your account as part of the verification process if you have an account/profile with us. But you do not need to have an account/profile to submit a request. In some circumstances, we may need additional information from you to verify your identity or proceed with your request.

You can use an authorized agent to submit a request for your Personal Information. When submitting a request online, your authorized agent should select the appropriate option on the form and, in the field provided, include your name, your e-mail address, and whether or not you have an account/profile with us. In addition to verifying your identity, as described above, we also will need to verify your authorized agent’s ability to act on your behalf (e.g., by receiving a copy of your signed permission). Once verification is complete, we may communicate directly with you for privacy and security reasons.

Please note that, in some instances, we may decline to honor your request where, for example, we are unable to verify your identity or an exception to this right applies.

2. Right to Request Deletion. You have the right to request that we delete Personal Information we collected from you.

To make a request for deletion, please visit www.tubitv.com/privacy/delete. You will need to provide your name and e-mail address, along with other details about your request. You will then receive verification instructions by e-mail. For certain requests, you will be asked to authenticate to your account as part of the verification process, if you have an account/profile with us. But you do not need to have an account/profile to submit a request. Please note that you also will be asked to separately confirm that you would like to proceed with your deletion request. In some circumstances, we may need additional information from you to verify your identity or proceed with your request.

You can use an authorized agent to submit a request for deletion. When submitting a request online, your authorized agent should select the appropriate option on the form and, in the field provided, include your name, your e-mail address, and whether or not you have an account/profile with us. In addition to verifying your identity, as described above, we also will need to verify your authorized agent’s ability to act on your behalf (e.g., by receiving a copy of your signed permission). Once verification is complete, we may communicate directly with you for privacy and security reasons.

Please note that, in some instances, we may decline to honor your request where, for example, we are unable to verify your identity or an exception to this right applies.

3. Right to Request Correction. You have the right to request that we correct inaccurate Personal Information we collected about you.

To make a request for correction of inaccurate Personal Information, please visit www.tubitv.com/privacy/correction. You will need to provide your name, e-mail address, and the Personal Information you would like to have corrected, along with other details about your request. You will then receive verification instructions by e-mail. For certain requests, you will be asked to authenticate to your account as part of the verification process, if you have an account/profile with us. But you do not need to have an account/profile to submit a request. In some circumstances, we may need additional information from you to verify your identity or proceed with your request.

You can use an authorized agent to submit a request for correction of inaccurate Personal Information. When submitting a request online, your authorized agent should select the appropriate option on the form and, in the field provided, include your name, your e-mail address, the Personal Information you would like to have corrected, and whether or not you have an account/profile with us. In addition to verifying your identity, as described above, we also will need to verify your authorized agent’s ability to act on your behalf (e.g., by receiving a copy of your signed permission). Once verification is complete, we may communicate directly with you for privacy and security reasons.

Please note that, in some instances, we may decline to honor your request where, for example, we are unable to verify your identity or an exception to this right applies.

4. Right to Opt-Out of Sale or Sharing. As noted above in this section, we share some categories of Personal Information in connection with certain types of advertisements. This may be considered “selling” or “sharing.”

You can opt out of the sale and sharing of your Personal Information by visiting www.tubitv.com/privacy/opt-out, and completing and submitting the form with the requested information. If you have an account/profile with us, your preference will apply to the device(s) connected to your logged-in account or profile for the Tubi Services. If you do not have an account, or choose not to log-in to your account on a device, you will need to select your preference on each device you use to access the Tubi Services.

5. Right to Limit Use and Disclosure of Sensitive Personal Information. Certain pieces of Personal Information that we have about you may be considered “sensitive” under the CCPA and other applicable laws. You may request that we limit our use and disclosure of “sensitive” Personal Information, Personal Information to others, subject to the exceptions provided in the CCPA Regulations section 7027(m) (such as to provide the services and for security purposes). You or your authorized agent may make a request to limit our use of this “sensitive” Personal Information by visiting www.tubitv.com/privacy/sensitive

6. Right to be Free from Discrimination. You have the right to be free from unlawful discrimination for exercising your rights under the CCPA.

7. Record Keeping

Tubi’s CCPA metrics for the 2023 reporting period are as follows:

Requests to Know: Tubi received 50 requests from individuals identifying as California residents to access their personal information during the 2023 reporting period through its designated methods of submission. Of those requests, Tubi complied, in whole or in part, with 2 requests. Tubi denied 48 requests due to failure to verify identity, requests were duplicative, or the individual requesting access of personal information identified as a resident of a state other than California. The average number of days within which Tubi substantively responded to requests to know was 3 days.

Requests for Deletion: Tubi received 155 requests by individuals identifying as California residents to delete their personal information during the 2023 reporting period through its designated methods of submission. Of those requests, Tubi complied, in whole or in part, with 12 requests. Tubi denied 145 requests due to failure to verify identity, duplicative requests, or the individual requesting deletion of personal information identified as a resident of a state other than California. The average number of days within which Tubi substantively responded to requests to delete was within 16 days.

Requests to Opt Out of “Sales”: Tubi shares some categories of personal information in connection with certain types of advertisements, which could be considered a “sale” under the CCPA. Tubi provides a Do Not Sell My Personal Information link on its websites and a Do Not Sell My Personal Information section in the Account/Settings sections of its Apps. Tubi received 1839 requests to opt out of “sales” of personal information during the 2023 reporting period through those mechanisms. Of those requests, Tubi complied, in whole or in part, with 1154 requests. Tubi denied 685 requests due to individuals failing to provide the information necessary to fulfill the request, or the individual requesting the opt out identified as a resident of a state other than California. The average number of days within which Tubi substantively responded to requests to opt-out was 1 day.

10. FOR CONSUMERS IN VIRGINIA, COLORADO, CONNECTICUT, AND OTHER U.S. STATES WITH SIMILAR PRIVACY LAWS

Depending on where you live, you may have certain additional rights regarding your personal information. This section provides information for consumers residing in Virginia, Colorado, or Connecticut in connection with the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act (“VCDPA” or “Virginia Law”), the Colorado Privacy Act (“CPA”), the Connecticut Data Privacy Act (the “CDPA”), and other states with similar privacy laws. Under the VCDPA, the CPA and the CDPA, and for purposes of this Section, “Personal Data” generally means information that identifies, relates to, or describes a particular consumer residing in Virginia, Colorado, Connecticut, or another state with a similar privacy law and includes the categories listed below. Depending on your interactions with us, we and our advertising partners may use certain Personal Data to deliver online advertisements to you on your devices tailored to your interests. Depending on where you live, this may be considered “selling” under some state laws (for example, Colorado and Connecticut law) and “targeted advertising” (for example, under Virginia, Colorado, and Connecticut law). This Section 10 provides details about the categories of Personal Data of consumers in Virginia, Colorado, Connecticut, and other states with similar privacy laws that we have collected, disclosed, “sold” or processed for purposes of targeted advertising, as well as rights consumers in Virginia, Colorado, Connecticut, and other states with similar privacy laws have under their states’ laws. Please note that, depending on the consumer’s interactions with us, Tubi may not have collected, disclosed, or “sold” or processed for purposes of targeted advertising, each (or any) of these categories, of Personal Data for each listed purpose.

Categories of Personal Data Collected, Disclosed, or “Sold” or Processed for Targeted Advertising:

The categories of Personal Data that we collected, disclosed, processed for purposes of targeted advertising (e.g., under the Virginia Law), or “sold” (e.g., under Colorado and Connecticut laws) are below, along with the categories of third parties to whom each category of Personal Data was disclosed or “sold” or processed for the purpose of targeted advertising. As noted above, we process some categories of Personal Data in connection with targeted advertising, which could be considered “selling” under some state laws (e.g., Colorado and Connecticut). Additionally, as also explained, depending on the consumer’s interactions with us, Tubi may not have collected, disclosed, processed, or “sold” each (or any) of these categories of Personal Data for each listed purpose. Further, we do not knowingly sell or process Personal Data of children under 13 years of age.

Category of Personal Data Collected/Processed	Purposes for Processing	Categories of Third Parties to Whom Personal Data Is Disclosed	Categories of Third Parties to Whom Personal Data is Sold or Processed for Targeted Advertising
Identifiers, such as name, IP address, e-mail address, and online and device identifiers	To provide the Tubi Services; To allow service providers to assist us in providing and managing the Tubi Services;

To deliver video content,

To provide co-branded services and features;

To deliver relevant advertisements; To contact you; To share with Tubi Affiliates;

To share with business partners (consistent with your choices);

To process user-uploaded content	Service providers (e.g., hosting providers, content delivery networks, email marketing platforms);

Tubi Affiliates;

Advertising technology companies, advertisers; and

Other providers or partners that support our operational business purposes	Advertising technology companies, Advertisers; Tubi Affiliates;

Virginia: Processed for targeted advertising

Colorado and Connecticut: Sold for purposes of targeted advertising
Personal Information, such as contact and financial information	To provide the Tubi Services; To allow service providers to assist us in providing and managing the Tubi Services;

To provide co-branded services and features;

To contact you;

To share with Tubi Affiliates;

To share with business partners (consistent with your choices)	Service providers (e.g., vendors that help with order fulfillment, contest, or sweepstakes providers);

Tubi Affiliates; and

Other providers or partners that support our operational business purposes	Advertising technology companies, Advertisers; Tubi Affiliates;

Virginia: Processed for targeted advertising

Colorado and Connecticut: Sold for purposes of targeted advertising
Characteristics of protected classifications, such as age or gender	To provide the Tubi Services;

To allow service providers to assist us in providing and managing the Tubi Services;

To deliver relevant advertisements;

To share with Tubi Affiliates	Service providers (e.g., contest or sweepstakes providers);

Tubi Affiliates; and

Other providers or partners that support our operational business purposes	Advertising technology companies, Advertisers; Tubi Affiliates;

Virginia: Processed for targeted advertising

Colorado and Connecticut: Sold for purposes of targeted advertising
Commercial Information, such as transaction information and purchase history	To provide the Tubi Services;

To allow service providers to assist us in providing and managing the Tubi Services;

To deliver relevant advertisements; To share with Tubi Affiliates;

To share with business partners (consistent with your choices)	Service providers (e.g., customer engagement platforms);

Tubi Affiliates; and

Other providers or partners that support our operational business purposes	Advertising technology companies, Advertisers; Tubi Affiliates;

Virginia: Processed for targeted advertising

Colorado and Connecticut: Sold for purposes of targeted advertising
Internet or network activity information, such as browsing history and interactions with our websites, mobile, or connected TV applications	To provide the Tubi Services;

To allow service providers to assist us in providing and managing the Tubi Services;

To deliver relevant advertisements;

To share with Tubi Affiliates	Service providers (e.g., analytics providers);

Tubi Affiliates; and

Other providers or partners that support our operational business purposes	Advertising technology companies, Advertisers; Tubi Affiliates;

Virginia: Processed for targeted advertising

Colorado and Connecticut: Sold for purposes of targeted advertising
Geolocation data, such as device location	To provide the Tubi Services;

To allow service providers to assist us in providing and managing the Tubi Services;

To deliver relevant advertisements;

To share with Tubi Affiliates	Service providers;

Tubi Affiliates; and

Other providers or partners that support our operational business purposes	Advertising technology companies, Advertisers; Tubi Affiliates;

Virginia: Processed for targeted advertising

Colorado and Connecticut: Sold for purposes of targeted advertising
Audio, electronic, visual, and other similar information, such as call recordings	To provide the Tubi Services;

To allow service providers to assist us in providing and managing the Tubi Services;

To share with Tubi Affiliates	Service providers (e.g., in connection with customer support);

Tubi Affiliates; and

Other providers or partners that support our operational business purposes	N/A
Inferences drawn from any of the Personal Data listed above to create a profile or summary about, for example, an individual’s preferences and characteristics	To provide the Tubi Services;

To allow service providers to assist us in providing and managing the Tubi Services;

To deliver relevant advertisements;

To share with Tubi Affiliates	Service providers (e.g., analytics providers);

Tubi Affiliates; and

Other providers or partners that support our operational business purposes	Advertising technology companies, Advertisers; Tubi Affiliates;

Virginia: Processed for targeted advertising

Colorado and Connecticut: Sold for purposes of targeted advertising
In addition, please note that we may process Personal Data in each of the above categories in order to protect the rights of Tubi and others, and/or to complete a merger or sale of assets or other corporate transaction. For more details about our purposes for processing, please see the Use and Disclosure section above.

Please note that, under the Virginia Law, the definition of “sale” is the exchange of information for monetary consideration and does not include, for example, the transfer of Personal Data as an asset that is part of a merger, bankruptcy, or other similar transaction involving of all or any portion of our business. We do not “sell” Personal Data as defined under the Virginia Law.

As noted above, the definition of “sale” under Colorado and Connecticut laws is different than the definition of that word under the Virginia Law. We and our advertising partners use certain Personal Data to deliver online advertisements to you on your devices tailored to your interests, which could be considered “selling” under the Colorado and Connecticut laws. The Colorado and Connecticut laws’ definitions of “sale,” however, do not include the transfer of Personal Data as an asset that is part of a merger, bankruptcy, or other similar transaction involving all or any portion of our business.

As explained, depending on the consumer’s interactions with us, Tubi may not have collected, disclosed, processed for purposes of targeted advertising, or “sold,” each (or any) of these categories, of Personal Data for each listed purpose. In addition, we do not engage in “profiling” in furtherance of decisions that produce a legal or similarly significant effect.

Sensitive Personal Information. We do not process “sensitive” Personal Data in connection with the Services.

Consumer Rights under Virginia, Colorado, Connecticut, and states with other similar laws. If you are a consumer in Virginia, Colorado, Connecticut, or other states with a similar privacy law, you have the following rights:

1. Right to Access and Portability. You have the right to confirm whether we are processing Personal Data concerning you, and to request that we disclose to you the Personal Data we collected from or about you, including in a portable form.

To confirm whether or not we are processing your Personal Data, or to make a request for your Personal Data, please visit www.tubitv.com/privacy/mydata. You will need to provide your name and e-mail address, along with other details about your request. You will then receive verification instructions by e-mail. For certain requests, you will be asked to authenticate to your account as part of the verification process, if you have an account/profile with us. But you do not need to have an account/profile to submit a request. In some circumstances, we may need additional information from you to verify your identity or proceed with your request.

You can use an authorized agent to submit a request for your Personal Data. When submitting a request online, your authorized agent should select the appropriate option on the form and, in the field provided, include your name, your e-mail address, and whether or not you have an account/profile with us. In addition to verifying your identity, as described above, we also will need to verify your authorized agent’s ability to act on your behalf (e.g., by receiving a copy of your signed permission). Once verification is complete, we may communicate directly with you for privacy and security reasons.

Please note that, in some instances, we may decline to honor your request where, for example, we are unable to verify your identity or an exception to this right applies.

2. Right to Request Deletion. You have the right to request that we delete Personal Data we collected from you or about you.

To make a request for deletion, please visit www.tubitv.com/privacy/delete. You will need to provide your name and e-mail address, along with other details about your request. You will then receive verification instructions by e-mail. For certain requests, you will be asked to authenticate to your account as part of the verification process, if you have an account/profile with us. But you do not need to have an account/profile to submit a request. Please note that you also will be asked to separately confirm that you would like to proceed with your deletion request. In some circumstances, we may need additional information from you to verify your identity or proceed with your request.

You can use an authorized agent to submit a request for deletion. When submitting a request online, your authorized agent should select the appropriate option on the form and, in the field provided, include your name, your e-mail address, and whether or not you have an account/profile with us. In addition to verifying your identity, as described above, we also will need to verify your authorized agent’s ability to act on your behalf (e.g., by receiving a copy of your signed permission). Once verification is complete, we may communicate directly with you for privacy and security reasons.

Please note that, in some instances, we may decline to honor your request where, for example, we are unable to verify your identity or an exception to this right applies.

3. Right to Request Correction. You have the right to request that we correct inaccurate Personal Data we collected from or about you.

To make a request for correction of inaccurate Personal Data, please visit www.tubitv.com/privacy/rectification. You will need to provide your name, e-mail address, and the Personal Data you would like to be corrected, along with other details about your request. You will then receive verification instructions by e-mail. For certain requests, you will be asked to authenticate to your account as part of the verification process, if you have an account/profile with us. But you do not need to have an account/profile to submit a request. In some circumstances, we may need additional information from you to verify your identity or proceed with your request.

You can use an authorized agent to submit a request for correction of inaccurate Personal Data. When submitting a request online, your authorized agent should select the appropriate option on the form and, in the field provided, include your name, your e-mail address, the Personal Data you would like to be corrected, and whether or not you have an account/profile with us. In addition to verifying your identity, as described above, we also will need to verify your authorized agent’s ability to act on your behalf (e.g., by receiving a copy of your signed permission). Once verification is complete, we may communicate directly with you for privacy and security reasons.

Please note that, in some instances, we may decline to honor your request where, for example, we are unable to verify your identity or an exception to this right applies.

4. Right to Opt-Out of Targeted Advertising (e.g., Virginia, Colorado, and Connecticut) and/or “Sale” (e.g., in Colorado and Connecticut). As noted above in this section, and depending on our interactions with us, we process and share some categories of Personal Data in connection with targeted advertising. Under some states’ privacy laws (e.g., Colorado and Connecticut), this processing may be considered a “sale.” Consumers residing in Virginia, Colorado, Connecticut, and states with similar privacy laws can opt out of targeted advertising and/or “sale” by visiting www.tubitv.com/privacy/opt-out, and completing and submitting the form with the requested information. You will then receive verification instructions by e-mail. If you have an account/profile with us, your preference will apply to the device(s) connected to your logged-in account or profile for the Tubi Services. If you do not have an account or choose not to log-in to your account on a device, you will need to select your preference on each device you use to access the Tubi Services. For mobile and connected TV Apps, you may visit “Your Privacy Choices” in your Account Settings for more information and to exercise your choices.

5. Right to Appeal. If we decline to take action in response to a personal data rights request, consumers in Virginia, Colorado, and Connecticut, and states with similar privacy laws may request an appeal, by notifying us through our privacy rights portal by following the instructions provided with the response to the request.

6. Right to be Free from Discrimination. You have the right to be free from unlawful discrimination for exercising your rights under the laws of Virginia, Colorado, Connecticut, and other states with similar privacy laws.

privacy
COMPANY
About Us
Careers
Contact
SUPPORT
Contact Support
Help Center
Supported Devices
Activate Your Device
Accessibility
PARTNERS
Advertise with Us
Partner with Us
GET THE APPS
iOS
Android
Roku
Amazon Fire
PRESS
Press Releases
Tubi in the News
LEGAL
Privacy Policy (Updated)
Terms of Use (Updated)
Your Privacy Choices
Cookies
Copyright © 2025 Tubi, Inc.
Tubi is a registered trademark of Tubi, Inc.
All rights reserved.
Device ID: 27a3a967-d42f-4552-bda8-19f4757e9ca1
Made with  in San Francisco
Tubi is better on the app
Open the Windows Tubi app for extra easy access.
Get the appNot now
