


Privacy Policy
At Exotic Voyages, we respect and protect your privacy. This Privacy Policy covers information we collect from customers, newsletters subscribers and visitors of. By using our Services or agreeing to this Privacy Policy, you are consenting to the collection, use, disclosure and our information practices on your information as described below.

If you have any concern about providing information to us or having such information used in any manner permitted in this Privacy Policy, you should not use our services.

What we collect
We might collect the following information:

- Name and your gender
- Contact information including email address
- Demographic information such as zip code, preferences and interests
- Other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers

Besides, we and third parties may use automated means to collect information about you, your computer or other devices, and your use of the Services. These automated means include technologies such as cookies and your public IP Address.

A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyze web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.

What we do with the information we gather
We use the information we collect from you for different purposes as follow:

– Internal record keeping.

– We may use the information to improve our products and services.

– If you are newsletter subscribers, we may periodically send newsletters about Culture, History and Tourism of Southeast Asia as well as new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting (maximum one email per week).

– If you request our tour, we will work on trip details and design a suitable itinerary for you.

– For cookies, we use them to understand and save your preferences for future visits and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences in the future.  We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyze data about web traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to our travel clients needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system. Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.

Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.

Our Disclosure of Your Personal Data and Other Information
We will protect personal information by reasonable security safeguards against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification. We will make readily available to customers information about our policies and practices relating to the management of personal information.

Exotic Voyages is not in the business of selling your information. We consider this information to be a vital part of our relationship with you. There are, however, certain circumstances in which we may share your Personal Data with certain third parties without further notice to you, as set forth below:

– Business Transfers: As we develop our business, we might sell or buy businesses or assets. In the event of a corporate sale, merger, reorganization, dissolution or similar event, Personal Data may be part of the transferred assets. In cases of onward transfer of personal information to third parties of data of EU and Swiss individuals received pursuant to the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield, Exotic Voyages remains liable.

– Agents, Consultants and Related Third Parties: Exotic Voyages, like many businesses, sometimes hires other companies to perform certain business-related functions. Examples of such functions include mailing information, maintaining databases, tour operation and processing payments. When we employ another company to perform a function of this nature, we only provide them with the information that they need to perform their specific function.

– Legal Requirements: Exotic Voyages may disclose your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to (i) comply with a legal obligation, (ii) protect and defend the rights or property of Exotic Voyages, (iii) act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of the Services or the public, or (iv) protect against legal liability.

Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over the content on the other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide while visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.

Controlling your personal information
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.

You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:

- Whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes
- If you have previously agreed that we may use your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at inquiries@exoticvoyages.com
- You have a right to access, modify, correct, or delete certain of your information regarding your email preference. You can do so by clicking on the link placed in the footer of any newsletter email sent by us. Or if you cannot find it, please contact us at inquiries@exoticvoyages.com to get help.
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission. If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.

If you unsubscribe from our mailing list, your information may be removed from Exotic Voyages within a reasonable amount of time.

Changes to our Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy may be modified from time to time. Please review the changes carefully. If you disagree with the Privacy Policy, you must stop using the Service. If you continue to use our Services after we publish an updated privacy policy or communicate a notice about any changes to this Privacy Policy, you are consenting to such changes.

Contact Us
If you have any requests, questions, comments, or concerns regarding this privacy policy you may write to us at inquiries@exoticvoyages.com.

 

EV in the News
Contact Us
Our Team
FAQs
T&C
Our Offices
Vietnam (Head Office)
Suite 226, ATS Hotel,
33B Pham Ngu Lao St.,
Hanoi

+84 24 3933 6258
Thailand
159/37, Sermmit Tower, Room #2301, 23rd Floor, Sukhumvit 21 Road (Asoke), Klongtoey Nua, Wattana, Bangkok

+66 61 423 65 69
USA
13431 Bear Paw Trail

Ely, MN 55731

+1 (888) 497 0068

Leave your email to receive Free Guides, Travel Tips and Top Deals from us.

Email
© 2025 Exotic Voyages. All copyrights reserved.
International Tour Operator License & Travel License is 01-448/2011/TCDL-GPLLHQT.

DMCA.com Protection Status