HappyMod
EN
HappyModPro
HappyMod App
HappyMod Download
Games
Apps
Editor Choice
Discover
Reviews
Privacy Policy

happymodpro.com attaches great importance to protecting users' information security and privacy. It protects your personal data for the purpose of happymodpro.com's pursuit of legitimate interests and your effective use of the happymodpro.com website.

happymodpro.com has established the following privacy policies in accordance with current regulations and strictly adheres to protect users' data information and privacy.

By using and accessing our website, you admit that you have read this Privacy Policy and fully agree with it. The latest update contents to this Privacy Policy are at the top of this article and will be effective as soon as they are released. Therefore, happymodpro.com recommends timely reviewing this Privacy Policy.
Definition of Data
Data received from the Privacy Policy Adjustments, all "Personal Information" collected and maintained by happymodpro.com when you visit happymodpro.com, which is defined as any information that identifies or can be used to identify, contact or locate the person to whom such information belongs.
The information does not include:
1. racial or ethnic origin;
2. political views;
3. religious/philosophical beliefs;
4. union membership;
5. data relating to health, sexual life or sexual orientation;
6. genetic data
7. Processed to identify biometric data for a specific individual.
In order to take the necessary duty of care, happymodpro.com may verify that you have admitted happymodpro.com to collect content related to your personal photo, but the collection process will be subject to your express consent.
How do we collect?
(1) Browse and use this website:
Usually, when users browse our website anonymously, happymodpro.com does not require users to disclose any personal data.
But when users access and use our website, user behavior will trigger some tools/techniques to automatically store and collect information. This information is related to the technical information of the browsing activity and usage patterns. We collect this data by using cookies and similar technologies. Here are our instructions and rules for cookies and similar technologies: cookie and tracking technology. Cookies are important to improve a user's web experience. happymodpro.com is generally used for the following purposes:
● Verify identity
Cookies notify us when you access our services so that we can verify your identity to ensure your account is secure.
For example, Cookie technology notifies us when you visit happymodpro.com to identify if you are safely logged in and show you information about you.
● Safety
Cookies help us protect the security of our data and services, and detect cheating, hacking, and fraud (if any) for our products and services.
● Features and services
Cookies help us provide better products and services to our users.
For example, cookies can help you fill in the name of the account you last logged in when you log in, through the stored information, to improve your operational efficiency.
● Effectiveness
Cookies can avoid unnecessary server load, improve service efficiency, and save resources and energy.
For example, cookies can help us optimize the flow of traffic between servers and understand the speed at which different users load our services.
Sometimes we can use cookies to make you load and respond faster when you're using them.
● Analysis and Research
We use these cookies to understand and improve our products and services, and to provide reference data for the development of new products or features.
For example, we use cookies to understand how you use our services in order to improve the user experience. For example, when you access our services, we collect this information at the time spent in each step to analyze aspects of the research that can be further optimized and improved.
● Ad optimization (if any)
Cookies increase the appeal of your ads to users and increase the value of your advertising services to advertisers and publishers.
For example, cookies can help us show you ads that may be of interest to you on the Tencent website or in the software. We can also use cookies to know who saw the ad on Tencent's site and then browse the advertiser's website. Similarly, our partners may use cookies to determine whether we have displayed ads, understood the performance of our ads, or provided us with information about their interactions with you.
(2) Information provided when using the Google extension - Google Docs
Users can browse and access certain Google apps anonymously, such as Google Docs. In this case, users only need to sign in with their Google Account and accept the Google Privacy Policy to find them here.
Any information provided to the company as a result of using Google Docs will only be stored to ensure that the application is functioning properly. We may collect technical and statistical data by using cookies. For more information, please see our Cookie Policy. When using the Google app, we do not collect or store the personal data of the site users under any circumstances.
(3) Third-party website links
Our website contains links to other websites whose privacy protection system may differ from happymodpro.com. If you submit personal information to any of these websites, your information will be governed by its privacy policy. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy policy of any website you visit.
(4) Social media widgets
Our website may include social media features such as sharing and forwarding via a third-party platform that may collect your IP address, the pages you visit on our site, and may set a cookie to make this feature work. Social media features and widgets are hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our website. Your interaction with these features is governed by the privacy policy of the company providing the feature.
user has the following rights:
1. Access rights: The user has the right to obtain confirmation from happymodpro.com about whether or not the personal data related to it is being processed;
2. Right of Correction: The user has the right to ask us to correct personal data if it is inaccurate or incorrect. When requesting correction, the user must indicate the data to be corrected and provide the correct information. In addition, requests must be sent with supplemental documents as necessary to supplement incomplete or inaccurate data.
3. Erase rights: Users have the right to request the deletion of personal data about their personal accounts. When requesting to terminate an account and thus delete all personal information, the user must be aware of the following:
(1) Personal information may be retained and used as necessary to perform its legal obligations under financial obligations and associated with judicial information and auditing;
(2) If the user sends an erase request, the personal data will be deleted from happymodpro.com's secure backup system when the next backup is completed.
(3) happymodpro.com will not actively delete your personal data. As long as your account is valid, we will keep your information, verify or enforce the license to use the content if necessary, and retain the services you need to fulfill or fulfill our legal obligations. Information.
4. Right of revocation: In the case that the user authorizes the processing of its data, the user has the right to withdraw his consent at any time.
Revocation consent can be obtained by e-mail, and the user is asked to specify the consent that he wishes to revoke.
Please note that revoking consent does not affect the legality of the processing based on consent prior to revocation.
Modify the privacy protection policy
happymodpro.com reserves the right to amend any terms of the Privacy Policy at any time.
Once the content of the privacy policy changes, happymodpro.com will announce its changes to the Privacy Policy on the happymodpro.com platform.
This posting is considered to be notified by happymodpro.com to modify the content. happymodpro.com can also prompt the user to modify the content in other appropriate ways.
If you do not agree to happymodpro.com's changes to the terms of this Privacy Policy, you have the right to stop using the happymodpro.com Service.
If you continue to use happymodpro.com's services, you will be deemed to have received happymodpro.com's changes to the terms of this Agreement.
logo
HappyMod
How to Use
HappyMod App
Introduces
Old Versions
FAQ
Privacy
Terms
DMCA
Free Ringtones
Languages
English
Español
Türkçe
Русский
Indonesia
العربية
Português
Top Mods
Grand Theft Auto V: Prologue Mod Apk 0.1
Poppy Playtime Chapter 1 Mod Apk 1.0.6
Hay Day Mod Apk 1494
Truck Simulator : Ultimate Mod Apk 1.2.3
ARK: Survival Evolved Mod Apk 2.0.25
Fall Guys Mobile Beta version Mod Apk 1.0.1.4
PUBG MOBILE LITE Mod Apk 1.0
Need for Speed™ Most Wanted Mod Apk 1.3.128
Latest Mods
Stardew Valley Mod Apk 1.4.5.151
Candy Crush Saga Mod Apk 1.237.0.3
PPSSPP - PSP emulator Mod Apk 1.106
Tap Tap Breaking: Break Everything Clicker Game Mod Apk 1.77
Toca Life: Office Mod Apk 1.1
Grand Theft Auto IV Mod Apk 1.0
The Amazing Spider-Man Mod Apk 1.2.3
60 Seconds! Atomic Adventure Mod Apk 1.3.121
Popular Mods
slither.io Mod Apk 4.5
JCheater: San Andreas Edition Mod Apk 2.3
Five Night's at Freddy's: HW Mod Apk 1.0
Amazon Prime Video Mod Apk 3.1.1
The Amazing Spider-Man 2 Mod Apk 1.2.8
Sport car 3 : Taxi & Police - Mod Apk 1.11.2
GRID™ Autosport Mod Apk 2.6.8
Angry Neighbor Mod Apk 3.2