logo
CLOSE
Privacy policies

Proteger AI Private Limited

India

2086, 8th Cross, RPC Layout, Vijaynagar, Bangalore, India 560-040

Phone +91 8971580265

USA

100 Morrissey Blvd, Venture Development Center, UMass Boston, MA, USA 02125

Phone +1-617-618-5094

It is Proteger AI Private Limited's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our website. This Privacy Policy applies to https://vajra.software (hereinafter, “us”, “we”, or “https://vajra.software”). We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting personally identifiable information you may provide us through the Website. We have adopted this privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) to explain what information may be collected on our Website, how we use this information, and under what circumstances we may disclose the information to third parties. This Privacy Policy applies only to information we collect through the Website and does not apply to our collection of information from other sources.

This Privacy Policy, together with the Terms and conditions posted on our Website, set forth the general rules and policies governing your use of our Website. Depending on your activities when visiting our Website, you may be required to agree to additional terms and conditions.

Website Visitors

Like most website operators, Proteger AI Private Limited's collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Proteger AI Private Limited's purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Proteger AI Private Limited's visitors use its website. From time to time, Proteger AI Private Limited may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.

Upon your request to delete your account, we will deactivate or delete your account and information from our active databases. However, we may retain some information in our files to prevent fraud, troubleshoot problems, assist with any investigations, enforce our legal terms and/or comply with applicable legal requirements.

Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information

Certain visitors to Proteger AI Private Limited’s websites choose to interact with Proteger AI Private Limited in ways that require Proteger AI Private Limited to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Proteger AI Private Limited gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up for a blog at https://vajra.software to provide a username and email address, etc.

How long do we keep your information?

We keep your information for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this privacy notice unless otherwise required by law. We will only keep your personal information for as long as it is necessary for the purposes set out in this privacy notice, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law.

Account Information

If you would at any time like to review or change the information in your account or delete your account, you can:

If you want to Update your account, Log In to your account and update user detail in User Profile.
If you want to Delete your account, Log In to your account and then Go to Profile then click Delete My Account (button)
If you need any help, Contact us using the contact information provided. https://vajra.software/contact-us Or Email us: contact@vajra.software
Upon your request to delete your account, we will deactivate or delete your account and information from our active databases. However, we may retain some information in our files to prevent fraud, troubleshoot problems, assist with any investigations, enforce our legal terms and/or comply with applicable legal requirements.

Security

The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

Advertisements

Ads appearing on our website may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they

believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by Proteger AI Private Limited and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.

Links To External Sites

Our Service may contain links to external sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy and terms and conditions of every site you visit. We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites, products or services.

Aggregated Statistics

Proteger AI Private Limited may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its website. Proteger AI Private Limited may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, Proteger AI Private Limited does not disclose your personally-identifying information.

Privacy Policy Changes

Although most changes are likely to be minor, Proteger AI Private Limited may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Proteger AI Private Limited’s sole discretion. Proteger AI Private Limited encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.



Get the app now!





INFORMATION

Home

Disclaimer

Terms & Conditions

Privacy Policy

CONTACT INFO

2086,9th Cross RPC Layout,

Vijayanagar,Bangalore - 560040

89715-80265

contact@vajra.software

SERVICES

Bio Medical Support

Contact

Career

FAQ

© 2024 Vajra. All Rights Reserved

Need Help? Chat with us
